{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.7.185\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 Undo/Redo.  You can now make edits and undo them.  Values updated during quiz mode can not be reverted.
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \'a5 Fixed memory leaks.
\f0\b \
\
WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.7.133\

\f1\b0 \'a5 Quiz window now not dimmed with other apps. (fixes 1817482)
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \'a5 Credits and help document update.
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \'a5 No more tip jar reference.
\f0\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.7.133\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 Quiz window now not dimmed with other apps. (fixes 1817482)
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \'a5 Credits and help document update.
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \'a5 No more tip jar.
\f0\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.7.104\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 Preference panel no longer modal\
\'a5 Sound setting now affects sound effects (fixes 1800070)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \
WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.7\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 New preferences for font size and answer checking\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \
WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.6\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 Fixes crash on Intel Macs\
\'a5 New menu option to toggle sound effects\
\'a5 Universal Binary\
\'a5 Updated icons, unified toolbar appearance\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.5.4\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 Highlights user errors graphically.\
\'a5 Remembers open documents.\
\'a5 Adds support for future localization.\
\'a5 Various interface polish (thanks Paul E.)\
\'a5 Fixes alignment issues when quiz window is resized.\
\'a5 Fixed spelling error in US State Capitals (thanks Stephen C.)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.5.3\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 A green level indicator shows overall progress within a document.\
\'a5 The throbbing Aqua progress bar during quiz mode has been replaced.\
\'a5 Key equivalents for item importance ratings.\
\'a5 Automatically advances to next item if string matches exactly.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.5.2\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 Fix drag-and-drop and import/export issues with embedded special characters\
\'a5 Fix minor problems after import and study.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 WHAT'S NEW IN VERSION 1.5\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 Bidirectional quizzing.\
\'a5 Fuzzy answer checking (uses Search Kit/AIAT technology).\
\'a5 New fields for Importance, Group, Type, and Notes.\
\'a5 New colored Score indicators.\
\'a5 New toolbar, welcome overlay, and other UI changes.\
\'a5 New file format.\
\'a5 Also: Better dirty document detection (uses key-value observing). Better inter-application drag and drop support. Editable fields during quiz (requested by J. Muccigrosso).\
\'a5 Many bug fixes and polish changes.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 RELEASE HISTORY\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5\'ca7 Nov 2003\'d1Version 1.0 \
\'a5\'ca23 Jan 2004\'d1Version 1.5\
\'a5\'ca1 Feb 2004\'d1Version 1.5.1\
\'a5 14 Feb 2004\'d1Version 1.5.2\
\'a5 18 Oct 2004\'d1Version 1.5.3\
\'a5 7 Dec 2004\'d1Version 1.5.4\
\'a5 27 Aug 2006\'d1Version 1.6\
\'a5 17 Dec 2006\'d1Version 1.7\
\'a5 2007-10-20\'d1Version 1.7.104\
\'a5 2007-10-20\'d1Version 1.7.133\
}