{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Genius 1.5\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 John R Chang <jrc_feedback@mac.com>\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Genius helps you memorize things.
\f1\b0  Genius organizes your information and carefully chooses questions using an intelligent "spaced repetition" method that\'d5s based on your past performance. It performs fuzzy answer checking and even highlights errors visually.\
\
Use Genius to study vocabulary words, foreign language phrases, historical events, religious texts, legal definitions, formal speeches, marketing points\'d1anything you need to memorize!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 \
\
MAILING LISTS\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 genius-announce-subscribe@yahoogroups.com\
	Receive one-way notifications when Genius is updated. Low volume.\
\
genius-talk-subscribe@yahoogroups.com\
	Participate in open discussion of any Genius-related issues. Unmoderated.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \
\
TIPS\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 Genius is case-insensitive. \'d2carnegie\'d3 is the same as \'d2Carnegie.\'d3\
\'a5 When quizzing, you can use \'d4Y\'d5 and \'d4N\'d5 as shortcuts for \'d2Yes\'d3 and \'d2No.\'d3\
\'a5 By default, Genius only works one-way (A\uc0\u8594 B). But Genius also supports reverse one-way (A\u8592 B) and two-way quizzing (A\u8594 B and A\u8592 B). Choose the directions you want to use by using the View menu to show or hide the relevant Score columns.\
\'a5 Use the \'d2Importance\'d3 menu command for marking most frequently used items, etc. This weighs into how Genius chooses quiz items.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 ADVANCED TRICKS\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5 If you\'d5re learning a language or similar material where each item can have multiple forms, use the View menu to show the \'d2Group\'d3 and \'d2Type\'d3 columns. \'d2Group\'d3 can be used like the \'d2Album\'d3 field in iTunes, e.g. for the infinitive form of a verb. \'d2Type\'d3 can be used like \'d2Genre,\'d3 e.g. for the part of speech. Refer to the \'d2Swedish Verbs\'d3 sample document.\
\'a5 Use the \'d2Info\'d3 drawer to edit larger text items, such as paragraphs and lists.\
\'a5 Use the \'d2Notes\'d3 drawer to enter any study notes you have. Notes aren\'d5t used in study sessions, but they are used by the Search field.\
\'a5 Double-click a Question/Answer column header to edit its label.\
\'a5 Hold down the Option key to save your document in a compressed format, reducing the reduce the file size by 5-10x. However, this operation may take time for large documents.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \
\
FAQ\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Q. Why is Genius asking me the same questions again, even though I just answered them right?\
A. That\'d5s due to the adaptive spaced repetition feature, designed to refresh your memory precisely before you forget. Over time, Genius will hone in on those items with which you're having trouble. You can manually adjust your performance by editing the numbers under the Score column(s).\
\
Q. I'd like to import data from Excel, etc. Can I do this? What file format does Genius import and export?\
A. Yes, Genius imports and exports standard tab-delimited text files.\
\
Q. Is there an online repository where people can share Genius documents?\
A. Yes, Forrest Hare has set up a web site for this. See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geniusfiles.info/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.geniusfiles.info/}}. Also check out the forum at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://groups.yahoo.com/group/genius-talk?yguid=200217108"}}{\fldrslt http://groups.yahoo.com/group/genius-talk}}.\
\
Q. Could you add <feature>?\
A. The biggest feature I'm planning to add is multimedia support (sound and images). Since this requires a fundamental restructuring of the way Genius handles data, I'd like to use the embedded database technology that ships as part of Mac OS X v10.4 "Tiger", which is due to ship in the first half of 2005. Due to this and my workload, Genius 2 won't be available until mid-2005 at the earliest. It will also require Mac OS X v10.4 Tiger. Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://groups.yahoo.com/group/genius-talk?yguid=200217108"}}{\fldrslt http://groups.yahoo.com/group/genius-talk}} for discussion of features and future directions.\
\
Q. Can you write a Windows version?\
A. Sorry, I am not a Windows developer.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 REFERENCES\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MEMORY AND RETENTION\
Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forgetting_curve"}}{\fldrslt Forgetting curve}}.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Leitner, Sebastian. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Volumes/Users/jrc/links.html"}}{\fldrslt So lernt man lernen}}. 1972.\
\
Pimsleur, Paul. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.simonsays.com/subs/txtobj.cfm?areaid=128&pagename=history"}}{\fldrslt The Pimsleur Method}}. 1967.\
\
Wozniak, PA. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.supermemo.com/english/el.htm"}}{\fldrslt Economics of learning}}. Doctoral dissertation, University of Economics, Poland. 1995.
\f0\b \
\

\f1\b0 ALPHA CONSCIOUSNESS\
Brown University Department of Neurology. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brown.edu/Departments/Clinical_Neurosciences/louis/eegfreq.html"}}{\fldrslt EEG Waves As Defined By Frequency}}.\
\
Brown, Tom. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0425099660/jrc-20"}}{\fldrslt Tom Brown's Field Guide to Nature Observation and Tracking}}. 1988.\
\
LANGUAGE ACQUISITION\
Wilson, Reid. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.languageimpact.com/articles/rw/krashenbk.htm"}}{\fldrslt A Summary of Stephen Krashen's "Principles and Practice in Second Language Acquisition"}}. Language Learning #9 and 10.\
\
John Stanford International School. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.seattleschools.org/schools/JohnStanfordIntlSchool/Teaching/kand1/immersion_stages.htm"}}{\fldrslt Stages of Second Language Acquisition}}.\
\
Rosetta Stone. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com/education/k12/curriculumsolutions/reading/pdf/RSResearchBasis.pdf"}}{\fldrslt Research Basis for The Rosetta Stone Dynamic Immersion Method}}.\
}